well we're going on a little run with
maximum nor with the employer is always
today with us because the one that is not and
that is not with us who left
who did not even name it
and well let's play a little trick here
but as you will know the winner
well do not look at my new style is my
purple like that
happens to me from the other side I am now at
another sidewalk
I have a big one
to the neck with the look
do not
I was running a titans race
history
I am like a brain trying to make
last
optimistic
one
is going to be taken by ass
Ivan Ivan was also all for you
between these kids
Oh, God
as host and coasting here
which can not be done when
what a cheater
well cheat
because I have the first insured
today what they have thought on the track point
which is also a successive
It's a dirty but your name hanger
you know what is not
current
Hi, I 'm going ahead
and that I perfect lad fuck
medium
the show people like to see
how people were alarmed
it's much longer
I'm going to start
the fucking shit
of fucking career fuck
third
two minutes and seven how is it so bad
and that always dirty last time is a
serious
Well , because of the machine because
basically left to show off
a little bit in the video but well no
it happens too 30
on each side
my goal was every third but good
jagland
and now I give you the pasta
so that it is first in my video like this
that nothing happens
so there is a favorite that has been liked and
goodbye goodbye goodbye